feat: support device_id in embed (#954)
docarray/docarray: docs/fundamentals/documentarray/embedding.md

(embed-via-model)=
# Embed via Neural Network

> When DocumentArray `.tensors` being set,
> you can use a neural network to {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed` it into it's vector representations,
> i.e. filling `.embeddings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set a DocumentArray's `tensors` attribute by using a neural network to {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed` vectors.
```

Can you change the text for `{meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed` vectors.` to `create vector embeddings`? I need to brush up on my RST syntax.

Embeddings can be used to measure the relatedness of your data.

> Embeddings are commonly used for *neural search*, *recommendation*, *clustering*, *outlier detection*, *deduplication* etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common use cases include *neural search*, *recommendation*, *clustering*, *outlier detection*, *deduplication*, etc.
```
Why the `*foo*` formatting? Why not just normal text?

> Docarray provides an easy interface which allows you to encode your data with
> the {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DocArray gives you an easy interface to encode your data with
the {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed` method.
```

> After calling {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed`,
> you should expect vector representation of your data has been stored in `.embeddings` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After calling {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed`,
the vector representation of your data will be stored in the `.embeddings` attribute.
```

> Docarray {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed` endpoint support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DocArray {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed` endpoint supports:
```
Is it really an endpoint? with `{meth}` it looks like a method

> 1. Mainstream deep learning frameworks, including Pytorch, Tensorflow, ONNX and PaddlePaddle.
> 2. Both CPU and CUDA devices.
> 3. Embed in batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Mainstream deep learning frameworks, including PyTorch, TensorFlow, ONNX and PaddlePaddle.
2. Both CPU and CUDA devices.
3. Embedding in batches.
```

### Embed for Computer Vision

````{tab} Torchvision ResNet50
```python
import numpy as np
from docarray import DocumentArray
from torchvision.models.resnet import resnet18

docs = DocumentArray.empty(10)
docs.tensors = np.random.rand(10, 3, 224, 224).astype('float32')

embed_model = resnet18()
docs.embed(embed_model=embed_model, device='cuda', device_id=0, batch_size=5)
```
````
````{tab} Tensorflow ResNet50
```python
import numpy as np
import tensorflow as tf
from docarray import DocumentArray

docs = DocumentArray.empty(10)
docs.tensors = np.random.rand(10, 224, 224, 3).astype('float32')

embed_model = tf.keras.applications.resnet50.ResNet50()
docs.embed(embed_model=embed_model, device='cuda', device_id=0, batch_size=5)
```
````
````{tab} ONNX ResNet50
```python
import numpy as np
import onnxruntime as ort
from docarray import DocumentArray

docs = DocumentArray.empty(10)
docs.tensors = np.random.rand(10, 3, 224, 224).astype('float32')

> # please download model here: https://github.com/onnx/models/blob/main/vision/classification/resnet/model/resnet50-v1-12.onnx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# download the model here: https://github.com/onnx/models/blob/main/vision/classification/resnet/model/resnet50-v1-12.onnx
```

ort_session = ort.InferenceSession('~your-path/resnet50-v1-12.onnx')
docs.embed(embed_model=ort_session, device='cuda', device_id=0, batch_size=5)
```
````
````{tab} PaddlePaddle ResNet50
```python
import numpy as np
import paddle
from docarray import DocumentArray

docs = DocumentArray.empty(10)
docs.tensors = np.random.rand(10, 3, 224, 224).astype('float32')

embed_model = paddle.vision.models.resnet50()
docs.embed(embed_model=embed_model, device='cuda', device_id=0, batch_size=5)
```
````
````{tab} Timm ResNet50
```python
import numpy as np
import timm
from docarray import DocumentArray

docs = DocumentArray.empty(10)
docs.tensors = np.random.rand(10, 3, 224, 224).astype('float32')

embed_model = timm.create_model('resnet50')
docs.embed(embed_model=embed_model, device='cuda', device_id=0, batch_size=5)
```
````

```{important}

> In practice, when using a pre-trained network such as ResNet,
> please remove the last fully-connected layer.
> This is because the last layers are used to optimize objectives such as class scores,
> not suitable for serving as embedding layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, when using a pre-trained network such as ResNet,
you should remove the last fully-connected layer.
This is because the last layers are used to optimize objectives such as class scores,
not to serve as embedding layers.
```

```

### Embed with Huggingface Transformers

```python
from docarray import DocumentArray
from transformers import BertModel, BertTokenizer

model = BertModel.from_pretrained('bert-base-uncased')
tokenizer = BertTokenizer.from_pretrained('bert-base-uncased')

def collate_fn(da):

>     """Tokenize `texts` field of the DocumentArray"""

Reviewer: field or attribute?

# Embed via Neural Network

When DocumentArray `.tensors` being set,
you can use a neural network to create vector embeddings.
Embeddings can be used to measure the relatedness of your data.

> Common cases include neural search, recommendation, clustering, outlier detection, deduplication etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common use cases include neural search, recommendation, clustering, outlier detection, deduplication, etc.
```

DocArray gives you an easy interface to encode your data with
the {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed` method.
After calling {meth}`~docarray.array.mixins.embed.EmbedMixin.embed`,

> the vector representation of your data will be stored in the `.embeddings` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the vector representation of your data will be stored in the DocumentArray's `.embeddings` attribute.
```

Author: it is an out dated one, maybe you should refresh?
